good day and welcome to another episode
of getting in universe with me twice and
EF and today here nice and gentlemen the
remote over Sanders comet overhead who's
etre frankly I look great in court i I'm
Blaney i'll swink tell us something
about this monster peace with the
grounders is an great game till I'm
already on that stage page eight yeah as
you can see my underwater again o our
and i can drop drops and the 14 upwards
Robert Moton upwards again again because
I'm an honor or a reverse mullet is
release another coerulea stop in
spelling ish which it away as I can
defeat it's all something work more
physics yeah yeah Oh damage hard game as
a mentioned mentioned before we're here
this enemies I think metal score goals
really focus on the issues they just
attacking me sorry I would note the
attacks
georgia story oh yeah you're what we
call Oh another submarine the Russian
whether our food what thoughts oh my god
i'm approaching something boom besides
this is the corner 00
I think this was a common helmet or
double tablet a lot of owners in this
game they need to beat them or order
pharmacy I remember another play a lot
of comedies I remember the power midway
is a wicked and a wizard a stupid stupid
immediately even I with my one hand and
with another can play him do it take a
game with invisible most players that's
it in Baja my mother would stop it stop
it stop it stupid okay nice nope work oh
the green room what is this is this is a
comment maybe this is a quarter I know
commerce tutors night everyone I've
never you noticeably absent be Kok don't
respect your it recently I'm glad for
you ok this is the comer talk if Anjali
but you know why must kill him but damn
that is growing ordered the oh it if
sparks just like put his head to cut
good use the stars die you piece of
pumpkin don't restore source with you oh
my god this fucker I can I can do that
oh just news of it oh yeah opens the
great happiness just move up and down
let's all sit straight
when when you buy 100 here yes G chord
organ yes